CGRA151 - Matthew Kerr 2022
Assignment 3

Notes on the programs purpose:

3 Levels provided with custom made maps. Each odd numbered level provides a different visual queue.
All platforms, objects, and entities are spawned due to a csv file to determine placement and type.




Menu Screen:
The user can interact with 4 buttons on the main menu screen including:
The play button; puts user into the first level
Level Select; user can select between 3 levels.
Controls: A static display of the user controls
Credits: An animated sequence of credits and references. The user can interact with this as a 'minigame'.

The main menu screen is also animated with infinite parallaxing, and cars which drive across the screen, with random intervals, speeds, and colours.


Visuals:
The visuals of the game follow a consistent theme of dark, alleyway vibes. 
All images are pixel art based and keep this theme.
I believe it suits the John-Wick universe, which was the inspiration.

Gameplay:
The game provides multiple platformer features, such as a hud, and indicators like low ammo and screenshake + blood effects.

Level differentiators include:
Range of enemies; melee, normal, heavy
Different platforms.
Object interactors; car, scrolls, coins

Enemies:
Each enemy has its own AI algorithm which will determine whether it can see the player,
and walk towards him. Each enemy has its own unique gameplay, such as guarding, chasing, and idling.
Enemies also collide with the environment and can be contained to specific areas. 

The melee enemy:
Fast
Easy to kill
Runs towards the player, then idles when it cannot see you

The normal enemy:
Medium speed
Moderate to kill
Walks back and forth between areas
Will chase the player if it see him
Will go back to guarding once the player is gone
Shoots within 1 second periods with assault rifle

The heavy enemy:
Slow
Difficult to kill (3 shots)
Guards an area with pacing.
Will shoot multiple pellets with shotgun
Has vulnerability periods between each shot.

Spikes:
An inanimate object which kills the player on collision.


Generally realistic physics with gravity, collision, and interactions.

The player has a shop menu which allows the purchasing of new weapons, health, and ammo.
